README.md, before:



# Lab 5.1, Advanced DOM Manipulation

## Description
<!-- 
In this lab a simple shopping list application is made with html elements and JavaScript functionality.
-->

## Running the program
<!-- 
To view use this lab, open index.html in a web browser.<br>
Add an item to the list by typing something in the input field and click the Add Ittem button. <br>
Remove the last item added by clicking the Remove Last Item button. <br>
To see error messages click Add Item with an empty input field, or try to add an item already on the list.
-->
<br>

## Reflection Questions
> How did you dynamically create and append new elements to the DOM?

Creating new elements was accomplished with document.createElement("exampleElement").<br>
append() is used instead of appendChild() to append multiple elements at once.
<br>

> What steps did you take to ensure accurate updates to the total price?

Total price is updated any time an item is added or removed. Test cases are used to ensure correct summation.
<br>

> How did you handle invalid input for product name or price?

placeholder
<br>

> What challenges did you face when implementing the remove functionality?

palceholder
<br>

Commit message:

price input now cannot be blank or negative

README.md, after:



# Lab 5.1, Advanced DOM Manipulation

## Description
<!-- 
In this lab a simple shopping list application is made with html elements and JavaScript functionality.
-->

## Running the program
<!-- 
To view use this lab, open index.html in a web browser.<br>
Add an item to the list by typing something in the input field and click the Add Ittem button. <br>
Remove the last item added by clicking the Remove Last Item button. <br>
To see error messages click Add Item with an empty input field, or try to add an item already on the list.
-->
<br>

## Reflection Questions
> How did you dynamically create and append new elements to the DOM?

Creating new elements was accomplished with document.createElement("exampleElement").<br>
append() is used instead of appendChild() to append multiple elements at once.
<br>

> What steps did you take to ensure accurate updates to the total price?

Total price is updated any time an item is added or removed. Test cases are used to ensure correct summation.
<br>

> How did you handle invalid input for product name or price?

Input fields cannot be blank, otherwise returns an alert. Input field for price only accepts numbers. Prices are checked to make sure they are not negative.
<br>

> What challenges did you face when implementing the remove functionality?

palceholder
<br>
